Sigh, these days...
charging a phone is really inconvenient.
Why aren't you answering the phone?
What are you doing?
Just as I thought.
There's something going on between them.
Driver, follow them.
Chen Fan.
Do you know how dangerous that was just now?
If I had arrived a step later, you would have...
Why were you following Zhou Honghai?
I don't know why either.
Brother Honghai and Manager Liu of Longshi Group
would join forces.
I must investigate this matter thoroughly.
What Longshi?
You don't know how deep the waters run at Longshi,
or how complex their background is.
No, I don't understand.
How do you know about these things regarding Longshi?
I...
Because I've died once.
In my previous life, before I was killed by a car,
I was investigating their case.
Previous life? Hit by a car?
I know this sounds like crazy talk,
but please believe me.
No, stop talking.
You said you were hit by a car in your previous life?
Before I was killed by a car in my previous life,
I heard them saying
they wouldn't let anyone around me go,
starting with you.
So I broke up with you because I was afraid you'd get hurt.
On the day of the proposal,
I had a terrible headache that night.
Two lives flashed through my mind at once.
One is this time,
we took the college entrance exam together,
got into Yunhai University together,
and lived in Yunhai together.
The other one is our previous life.
I was killed by a car.
I didn't know which one was real.
They are all real.
After you left in the previous life,
I lived in regret every day.
Just like that, twenty years passed.
Until I closed my eyes on the hospital bed and opened them again,
and I was back before the college entrance exam.
You left too early in the previous life.
So this time I wanted to hurry,
I wanted to be with you sooner.
I was afraid this was a dream.
I was afraid of repeating the same mistakes.
I was afraid there wasn't enough time.
You also...
I've also died once.
Chen Fan.
I'm sorry, I shouldn't have broken up with you.
No matter what happens in this life,
we will face it together.
I won't let you get hurt again.
Zhou Honghai
That's not what you said back then.
You just said to add some kind of
Easter egg to liven things up for everyone.
But now,
not only is the game banned online,
but Fan-ge and Brother Liang have been arrested.
Why did this happen?
Wen Jie, you say this has nothing to do with me?
Back then, wasn't it when you were operating
that you didn't hide it well and got caught by Cyber Police?
How does it have nothing to do with you?
If you hadn't dragged me out drinking back then,
and while I was dizzy from drinking,
made me add some game code...
Now that something has happened,
you want to wash your hands of it, right?
Hey.
It's not washing my hands.
I was clean to begin with.
Look.
"Add some spice to Brother Liang and Fan-ge's game."
"Can't let them look down on me."
See that clearly?
It's recorded very clearly.
You were the only one who acted back then.
You planned this all along, didn't you?
How can this be a scheme?
I was just afraid you'd forget since you drank too much,
so I recorded it for you.
Despicable.
Enough.
We're in the same boat now.
Continue to do as I say.
Tell me Chen Fan's every move.
And Liang Shichu.
In your dreams!
You want me to help you harm Brother Liang and Fan-ge?
Impossible.
Worst case, I'll just go surrender.
How you instigated me,
and how you filmed the video to threaten me—
I'll tell them everything.
And drag you to prison with me.
Alright, Wen Jie.
Then think it over clearly.
If you really want to do that,
I'm waiting for you.
Zhou Honghai, you...
Just you wait.
In 2000, the entrance exam and a successful confession.
Until the summer of 2000 when DomainNet was built.
Then in 2001, Guo Shuai had his accident.
Finally, your car accident.
You said before,
before the car accident,
you were interning at a law firm,
and were working on the Longshi case.
That's right.
It was a major transnational smuggling case.
Under the guise of import-export trade,
they were trafficking human organs.
At the time, I happened to be in charge of
organizing some evidentiary materials.
I had crucial evidence that could bring them down.
Smuggling human organs.
Longshi really has some nerve.
But according to my memories of my previous life,
Longshi Group, afterwards,
never had a scandal like smuggling exposed.
Could it be because...
Your death?
Yes.
Because of my death,
the evidence was snatched away at that time.
Without the evidence,
the matter naturally fizzled out.
They continued their crimes brazenly,
and grew stronger.
It's not your fault.
Blame Longshi for being too ruthless.
You tried your hardest to protect the evidence.
So after I came back,
the first thing I did was investigate Longshi Group.
But so far, I've only found
that they are doing some real estate development,
micro-lending,
and businesses like digital hardware trading.
Then before,
the person who threatened and attacked you,
do you remember who it was?
Every time I think about it,
my head hurts like it's going to split open.
It's okay, don't force it.
Then do you know a person named Zhao Xiaozhuo?
He is the driver who hit you before.
I... I don't know him.
Then it seems now,
the whole timeline is stretched too long.
There are too many uncertain factors in between.
Right.
And we don't even have a reason to call the police.
The police can't just,
based on what might happen in the future,
go and arrest people.
Since we can't prevent it in advance,
then we'll keep a close eye on Longshi's movements.
Wait for them to show their hand,
and we'll deal with it then.
Mm.
Hello? Who is it?
Chen Fan.
I'm out.
Brother Liang.
You're out?
That's great.
No, it's not good.
It's Wen Jie.
He said that regarding the game,
he was the one who planted the prohibited content.
He came to surrender.
What?
Why are you doing this to yourself?
I told you long ago,
with that video recording,
no one will believe what you say.
I think you shouldn't waste your energy.
I will also take good care of your family.
Or else what?
I will also take good care of your sister.
If you dare touch my sister,
I will tell Chen Fan,
tell the police.
Wen Jie.
Do you think they will believe what you say,
or that crystal clear video recording?
Think about it carefully.
Will you take the blame for all this yourself,
and ensure your sister's safety?
Or do you insist on being stubborn,
and in the end, not only fail to bring me down,
but also ruin your sister?
Think again.